c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\GrepoApi.exe.config
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\GrepoApi.exe
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\GrepoApi.pdb
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Preview.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Orleans.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\OrleansCodeGenerator.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\OrleansProviders.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Preview.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Orleans.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\OrleansCodeGenerator.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\OrleansProviders.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\obj\x64\Debug\GrepoApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\obj\x64\Debug\GrepoApi.exe
c:\users\tw2pl\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\obj\x64\Debug\GrepoApi.pdb
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.Owin.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.WebApi.Owin.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Orleans.ServiceFabric.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\OrleansRuntime.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.xml
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.Owin.xml
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.WebApi.xml
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\DryIoc.WebApi.Owin.xml
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Orleans.ServiceFabric.xml
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\OrleansRuntime.xml
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\GrepoGrainInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\GrepoGrainInterfaces.pdb
c:\Users\tw2pl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ExampleProject\GrepoApi\bin\x64\Debug\GrepoGrainInterfaces.dll.config
